---
title: "Spicy Tajín Beans"
date: 2020-09-02
---

Countless people through the ages have scoured the world searching for the spice of life, but little did they know it could be found as nearby as their own kitchen! A simple combination of ingredients from the South and from the East can open your eyes to a whole new world flavors. Sriracha and Tajín work together in this dish to elevate the microwaved beans to the next level.

Tajín maintains their [own line](https://www.tajin.com/us/products/) of several spicy "liquid sauces" and a Habanero Tajín variant, but for these beans I stuck with Tajín Clásico, or, as it's commonly known throughout the Americas, simply Tajín. Of course these are all "con límon," or, for the layman, "with lime." Sriracha, while also a chili sauce, brings its own background and flavors, taking its acidity from vinegar instead of lime. In the combination of the two, each provides a distinct kick without clashing with the other.

Black beans can be considered from two aspects: the flavor and the texture. On texture, a microwaved bean is smooth but hardy, with a dry-silky mouthfeel. On flavor, a bean is a blank canvas ripe for customization. Therefore, the choice of bean toppings can make or break a bowl of beans. Using salt and lime juice achieves a similar effect to the Tajín, but you end up with a pool of salty lime juice at the bottom of the bowl, since the lime juice washes off any spice you add. Throwing up Tabasco for some spice leads to a similar problem: the viscosity is too low, so it flows like water and acts as a bean wash. Sriracha solves these problems nicely as a thick sauce that brings in many similar vinegar and spicy flavors. So rest assured, that in these terms, you can be sure a bowl spicy Tajín beans is the best solution in this area and will satisfy even the most discriminating of flavor palettes!